>>GEORGE NOORY: When you regress
people, what do they say?
>>SHELLEY KAEHR: Pictures,
thoughts, and feelings
start to emerge.
Reincarnation just
made sense to me then
and it continues to make sense.
>>NOORY: If there's
past trauma, Shelley,
does that come
forward in this life?
>>KAEHR: Absolutely it does.
Yes.
There are scientific studies
that prove that up to 50%
of our actual personality is
being brought through our DNA.
50%
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>KAEHR: It's huge.
It's beyond belief.
>>NOORY: It is beyond belief.
Well, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
For two decades, world-renowned
past life regressionist,
Dr. Shelley Kaehr, PhD has
worked with thousands of people
all around the
world, helping them
achieve greater peace and
happiness in their own lives.
How does she do it?
Shelley, welcome to the program.
>>KAEHR: George, thank
you so much for having me.
>>NOORY: And by
the way, thank you
for what you do because you
have helped a lot of people.
I get so much response
when you're on the radio
show with me.
After the fact, the people
who have talked to you
and called you or
go to your website,
they feel that connection.
You do a marvelous job for them.
So thank you.
On behalf of the
human race, thank you.
>>KAEHR: Thank you.
I'd say the same for you.
The things you've done
through this program.
>>NOORY: We need people
like you though to make
my show successful.
So that's important.
How did you get
involved in this?
Helping--
>>KAEHR: It's been--
>>NOORY: --people like this?
>>KAEHR: --a lifelong
interest of mine.
I grew up in Colorado
Springs part of the time,
and my mother attended--
>>NOORY: You're a Colorado girl.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
Yes.
And my mother actually
attended a luncheon
with the man who wrote the book,
"The Search for Bridey Murphy."
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
Classic book.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
One of the most famous past life
regression cases in history.
And so she bought the
book and brought it home
when I was a kid.
I read it and I was just hooked.
>>NOORY: Mesmerized by it.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: Yes.
I could see how that happened.
And at that time, there weren't
a lot of stories of past lives.
They weren't out there a lot.
And that was a
home run, I think.
And "Seth Speaks," that was--
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: --another one.
>>KAEHR: God, I love that.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Do you get
involved in reincarnation?
Do you get involved in
all kinds of things?
What are your thoughts
on reincarnation?
What do you think it is?
>>KAEHR: I really have always
believed in reincarnation
probably because of
my own past lives.
>>NOORY: You have many?
>>KAEHR: Yes.
Yes.
I know that I've been in India.
I've been in India
in this lifetime,
but when I went there,
I had a deep sense
that I have been there before.
>>NOORY: Everybody thinks they
were a famous past person.
>>KAEHR: I don't.
I think that's
one of the things,
when I'm doing the
therapy for other people,
too, is that I've never found
myself to be anyone famous.
And most of the clients
I work with are not.
They're just regular people.
And that's one of the
reasons why I thought
it was more valid, you know.
Because not everybody is going
to be some famous person.
>>NOORY: Dr. Bruce
Goldberg says, I
was one of the architects
of the pyramids.
>>KAEHR: Wow.
>>NOORY: That probably makes
me an extraterrestrial.
>>KAEHR: Probably.
>>NOORY: Or something like that.
>>KAEHR: I could
see that about you.
>>NOORY: Well, anyway, so you
do believe in reincarnation?
>>KAEHR: I do.
>>NOORY: And when you regress
people, what do they say?
>>KAEHR: Well they go, you
know, they're coming in usually
with a challenge.
Normally, they don't
come just because things
are going wonderfully.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>KAEHR: So we're
trying to get there
>>NOORY: In their life.
>>KAEHR: Yes, in
their current life.
And so a lot of times,
they've been to therapy,
they've been through
all these other things.
And so, a lot of times
I'm the last resort.
They just need something
to make sense for them.
So we guide them back into
these past experiences.
And when I ask people these
questions that most of them
have never been asked
before, pictures, thoughts,
and feelings start to emerge.
Even I was talking to someone
before the program who said,
wow, I had a
regression once but it
felt like I was making
these things up.
And this is a very
common occurrence.
But these feelings and thoughts
come from something very deep
within the soul.
And so if I say, well OK, you
were there in the Middle Ages.
So this thing that
you just described,
how does this apply to what I'm
doing here in my current life?
And they all can tell me.
And so, as long as that
then becomes something
that is a tool to make their
current life more peaceful,
then that is a very powerful
thing for people to do.
>>NOORY: Why do we need
regression in order for them
to remember their past lives?
Why can't we just
remember them now?
>>KAEHR: I think we
actually can remember them.
I've done some research on
spontaneous past life memories.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>KAEHR: But I think largely
that the population is not--
they're not consciously aware
that that's what's happening.
You have, like, intuition,
or you get a strange feeling
when you meet someone
or while traveling.
This happens a lot.
And so usually, people
need the regression
to go more consciously
into those past events.
But sometimes, you're
thinking of them just
going through daily life.
>>NOORY: Do you find,
Shelley, that you
cure people from
afflictions or hang-ups
by going back into their past
life and bringing it out?
>>KAEHR: I guess I try not
to use the word "cure,"
unless I'm making a
joke, because, I guess--
>>NOORY: Or help.
>>KAEHR: Help.
Let's just say help.
But, yes, again,
sometimes it's just
getting a different
perspective on the situation.
I'll use the Middle Ages again.
They went to the Middle
Ages, they saw this scene,
they've looked at their own
life through this new lens,
and just that shift just
instantly changes everything.
And makes them
feel more peaceful.
>>NOORY: I talked with
author and hypnotherapist
Georgina Cannon on the
program about past lives
and why they don't lie.
Are you convinced that the
past lives that you pick up
from people after you put them
under, are real or are they
making these things up?
>>GEORGINA CANNON:
I don't believe
you can make up emotions.
And most, I would say,
80% of the past lives
include some emotion of some
sort, either joy or sadness,
fear, sorrow, you
can't make that up.
And they're so impactful
that they make a difference.
When someone comes back into
today, they say, oh, my God.
Now I know why I
have a fear of water,
and now I know why I keep
choosing people like I do.
>>NOORY: Or why I have
a mole on my face.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Chances are
that carries through.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: How many past lives
can an individual have?
>>CANNON: In my case,
probably eight or nine.
But I'm sure there's many more.
I'm sure--
>>NOORY: And they could be lives
that last full term, right?
80, 85 years old.
Or they could be-- maybe
they died early in birth,
or who knows.
>>CANNON: And they could
also come from other planets.
They don't necessarily--
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>CANNON: Oh, yes.
They don't necessarily
come from this planet.
>>NOORY: Shelley,
you agree with her?
>>KAEHR: I do agree with her--
>>NOORY: They could--
>>KAEHR: --on that.
>>NOORY: --come from other
planets and everything else.
>>KAEHR: Oh, yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Could you have been an animal?
>>KAEHR: Yes.
My past lives with pets,
some of those people
were reporting their
lives as animals.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
What do you think
about reincarnation?
What does your gut tell you?
>>KAEHR: I just feel like, as
souls-- even from the minute I
heard about the Bridey
Murphy case when I was a kid,
it just didn't make sense
to me that we would be here
on this earth for such
a short period of time.
Reincarnation just
made sense to me then
and it continues to make sense.
>>NOORY: I've always
thought of reincarnation
as a process of reaching
perfection, or heaven, that you
keep coming back until you
get to that heavenly state.
And by the mere fact that people
are listening to this program
and watching it, people
like you are into it,
has elevated you to--
you're probably not going
to reincarnate anymore,
because you're at that level.
You're close now.
>>KAEHR: I don't know.
You know I hear that a
lot of people go, well,
this is my last life.
And I go, well,
I don't know, I'm
kind of enjoying the
life that I'm having.
>>NOORY: Yes.
But you might enjoy the
supernatural life, too.
>>KAEHR: Yes, I could
be floating around
on a cloud bubble.
I mean, that would be fun.
>>NOORY: With a heart.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: Playing music.
>>NOORY: Isn't that boring?
>>KAEHR: It seems
kind of boring.
>>NOORY: It does.
>>KAEHR: I think
we do come here,
you know-- when
things are going well,
that's when a lot
of times people
will make things get
messed up, I guess,
to get some excitement
in their lives.
>>NOORY: How often does things
like that change for people?
When they come back
again and again,
I mean, do they want to go back?
Like you just said, you
kind of like this life.
Do you have a choice?
>>KAEHR: I definitely believe we
make the choice, yes, before we
get here.
>>NOORY: You pick your family?
>>KAEHR: We pick our family.
We pick the people
we're meeting.
We pick the circumstances so
that we can learn the lessons
that we came here to learn.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Can you heal
yourself through regression?
>>KAEHR: You can.
I think it, first, it
begins with the mindset.
Just changing the
mindset, looking
at current reality in a new way
through the eyes of the past.
Very powerful.
>>NOORY: One of
our secret cameras
has found you
performing a regression
on one of your patients.
Let's see how you did.
>>KAEHR: When I count to
three, the three of you
are going to float
all the way back
to the source event
that would most help
that side of the family tree.
Ready?
One, floating back, back,
back, back, back in time.
Two, further and further and
further, you're almost there.
And three, [TONGUE CLICKS]
you're there.
Be there now, floating
down, down, down, down,
down, and down
into those events.
So what year is
this, the first thing
that floats into your mind?
>>NICOLE NOLAN: 1907.
>>KAEHR: Beautiful.
So how does it feel in 1907?
>>NOLAN: Like there's
chaos going on like crazy.
We're on a island.
>>KAEHR: Very good.
As you sense the energy
of your ancestor,
is this a man or a woman?
>>NOLAN: It's a woman.
>>KAEHR: Very good.
And do you have a sense of
what's causing the chaos?
>>NOLAN: It feels like she's
being hit, like beaten.
She's scared.
>>KAEHR: Very good.
So imagine that
your spirit guide
is going to extend a beautiful
healing light to her.
That light's coming
down from above,
and it's getting brighter
and brighter and brighter
and brighter and brighter.
Lighter and lighter
and lighter and lighter
and lighter and lighter.
Lighter.
So that it's
really, really light
and really, really bright.
Lighter and lighter and lighter
and lighter and lighter.
Brighter and
brighter and brighter
and brighter and
brighter and brighter.
And lighter.
In this light, you're just
moving over this chaos,
over this fear, and
it is easing her.
And let me know when this
situation feels lighter
and better than it did before.
Lighter and lighter and lighter.
>>NOLAN: OK, we're there.
>>NOORY: How long did it
take you to regress her?
>>KAEHR: That was
about an hour, total.
I mean, that was two
minutes of about an hour.
>>NOORY: Is that standard?
>>KAEHR: Yes, about an
hour, hour and a half,
is standard, yes.
>>NOORY: Did she say anything
that just shocked you?
>>KAEHR: Yes.
This was a genealogical
regression,
so we were going
to scenes of things
that happened to her ancestors.
And one of the things she told
me before the session began,
that happens unfortunately
quite a lot of the time,
is that her mother always
told the whole family
that they been snake-bit,
they are cursed.
But during this whole process,
this whole regression,
there was never any
evidence to suggest that.
>>NOORY: You didn't
feel that at all.
>>KAEHR: No.
She didn't.
I mean, I tried to get her
to go to those places--
>>NOORY: Was Nolan--
>>KAEHR: --but she didn't.
>>NOORY: --making
these things up?
>>KAEHR: I think,
sometimes, as you know,
we have good things
that happen in our lives
and we have bad
things that happen.
And if people are more
prone to pay more attention
to the darker stuff,
then you start
to notice that rather than the
good things that are happening.
>>NOORY: Was this
like a family healing?
>>KAEHR: Yes, it was
a family healing.
She wanted to know, well,
there were two things.
One was that the
mother told them
that the family was cursed.
Another was that a psychic
told her about some things that
had happened in her
father's family lines.
So we were just going to
look down these two family
lines to see what was
actually happening.
>>NOORY: If there's
past trauma, Shelley,
does that come
forward in this life?
>>KAEHR: Absolutely, it does.
>>NOORY: It does.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
Yes.
There are scientific studies
now that prove that up to 50%
of our actual personality is
being brought through our DNA.
And so likewise, these
traumas from the past
are being brought forth
from the DNA, as well.
>>NOORY: If you drowned
in another life,
are you afraid of swimming
in this life, or the water?
>>KAEHR: It can happen.
Yes.
But maybe, you've never
even been near a pool
but you see one,
and all of a sudden,
you're having a panic
attack for no reason.
That can definitely
be caused by that.
>>NOORY: Then how do
you heal that person?
What do you do?
>>KAEHR: Through the
process, I put them
into a protective shell.
We go back to those events
and look at those scenes
from a safe vantage point and
bring healing and understanding
to those things, release
unwanted influences.
In fact, I had a woman who
was afraid of the water
this last year.
>>NOORY: And are they
remarkably cured after that?
>>KAEHR: She did
go into a swimming
pool for the first
time after the session.
>>NOORY: Without any tension?
>>KAEHR: Well, I mean, she
was like, OK, a little bit.
>>NOORY: Still a little uptight.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: But that's
still pretty dramatic.
>>KAEHR: It's pretty
dramatic if you've never been
able to get into a pool before.
>>NOORY: If somebody, let's
say, was stabbed to death
in the stomach, would
they have a scar
on their stomach in this life.
>>KAEHR: They could have a pain.
They could have birthmarks,
different scars,
or different strange
anomalies, or they could just
have like an ache that's
coming from nowhere.
They go to doctors, you know,
they can't find anything wrong.
>>NOORY: How many of them carry
things through from past lives?
I mean, would one
life lead to another?
Or if somebody had six past
lives with things happening,
would all six of
those come through?
>>KAEHR: It could
be different, yes.
I mean, all six of them could.
It could be one.
But, yes, I believe
that we are actually
carrying quite a bit of stuff
through from our past lives.
>>NOORY: Now, you were
talking about the challenges
of families.
How does that affect the overall
reincarnation regression,
if your father had a
problem, if your mother had
problems in past lives?
And didn't we know each
other in past lives?
Not you and me, but
I mean, didn't you
know your family
members in a past life?
>>KAEHR: I definitely
believe we have, yes.
I think we've
chosen our families.
They are people we've either
had past lives with before.
But then we also choose
our ancestors, as well,
so there's some real soul
contracts at work here
that need healing, they
need our attention.
>>NOORY: Have you ever regressed
a family in a group session?
Or is it always one-on-one?
>>KAEHR: I actually have.
Yes.
I regressed a couple
at the same time.
It was an experiment.
>>NOORY: Did it work?
>>KAEHR: It did, but I
think that the problem is
that things come up and
maybe you don't really
want your spouse to hear those.
So there's probably
a little holding back
of the actual revelations
that could be happening,
which is why I don't
normally encourage it.
>>NOORY: Did you ever have
anybody cry in a regression?
>>KAEHR: Oh gosh, yes.
>>NOORY: Really?
So those emotions come through?
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do you do?
Do you get them out
of it real fast or--
>>KAEHR: It depends.
>>NOORY: --what do you do?
>>KAEHR: I mean,
you know, you have
to be able to hold the space.
If I'm having a problem
with somebody crying,
that's really more
about me, in my opinion.
So you have to hold the
space to let that out
because it's an emotion.
And I think part of
the problem that we're
having is when we stuff
those emotions down,
then those can cause disease.
So you've got to
let them cry it out
because it shifts the
energy, and then, just
reframe it and get them back
into, what I would call,
a more productive state.
Yes.
But sometimes crying
is really good.
>>NOORY: Shelley, are past lives
beneficial to people or not?
At this point.
>>KAEHR: If we understand
that we've had past lives,
that can be very beneficial.
I think when it's not is when
there's just things happening,
maybe we have an ache,
or pain, or we're
having an emotional
outburst about something,
we don't understand why.
And then, that can
be very detrimental
because people don't
understand where
these impulses are coming from.
And by understanding
that many of them
are coming from your
past lives and just need
a little bit of attention, that
can be very transformational.
>>NOORY: How do you know
how to attack something?
In issue, for example?
>>KAEHR: I have to use
a lot of my intuition.
I really try to-- you know,
that scene that we just looked
at here, I've got my eyes open.
But normally when I'm
working with a client,
I've got my eyes closed.
I'm concentrating,
and I'm almost
trying to go with
them on the journey
so that I can really
see, OK, where
do we need to go next to help
them really have the healing
that they really need to have.
>>NOORY: Therapist
Elmar Dornberger
appeared on the
"Healing Matrix" show
and talked about
how science is just
starting to catch up with
these ancestral healing issues.
>>ELMAR DORNBERGER: Person
named Bert Hellinger.
He's the founder
of this modality,
And he used to live in Africa
and worked with the Zulus
for many years.
And he noticed that when
there were issues in the tribe
or in families, they would
always honor the ancestors.
So they would look
back to the ancestors
and notice if there
was anything that
might have been passed
from the ancestors
to that particular
person or family.
So he noticed that there was
great worship done and honoring
to the whole family lineage,
and actually to both the living
and to the dead.
So he noticed that the
dead are not necessarily
no longer present.
So there was actually some kind
of an energy form still existed
even in the present family.
And later on, he studied
many modalities actually here
in the United States, and then,
he started combining them.
And so family constellation
is really a combination
of different modalities.
But it did come from this idea
that patterns are being passed
down to us from ancestors.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Which makes total sense.
I mean, it's been thought that a
lot of our emotions and thought
and so forth are
connected, and experience
are connected in with the DNA.
Right?
So this would make sense that
we have inherited certain
of these, maybe, deep
familial memories and patterns
and behaviors.
>>DORNBERGER: Yes.
Especially in the
last 5 to 10 years,
science has almost kind of
caught up with this modality
and been proven now
that the DNA actually
carries more than just
structural things, but also
emotional aspects.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>NOORY: How much of an effect
on your personality today
have been your
ancestors from the past?
>>KAEHR: Real scientific
evidence is saying 50%.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>KAEHR: It's huge.
It's beyond belief.
>>NOORY: It is beyond belief.
But is that a good
thing or a bad thing?
I guess it all depends on
what your ancestors are like.
Right?
>>KAEHR: Yes, I mean--
>>NOORY: It could be
a blessing or a curse.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
Or a little bit of both
is probably more like it.
I think it just
says that we need
to be paying more
attention to our ancestors.
I'm a big believer
in global healing.
We need to be sending love
and light to all people.
And so I would just
encourage people
to put your ancestors
on that list,
as well, because it's
very, very important.
>>NOORY: How often
do you regress
the brother, the sister, the
mother, the father, in a group
or separately, when
you realize there's
some kind of
ancestral issue here?
>>KAEHR: Usually I'm always
going at it from a past life
perspective first.
>>NOORY: So individual?
>>KAEHR: Yes.
They've come in,
they've got an issue.
I'm going to try to take
them into the past life.
And then what happens
is, if intuitively I'm
going-- we're just
not there yet.
We have not found the issue.
Then that's when I
will have them start
going down the ancestral line.
And then that's when, yes,
you find, oh, whoops, it
wasn't their past lives.
There's something that happened
to their ancestors that
needs healing, and
attention, and compassion,
and grace, sent to that
incident can really
make a huge impact in
our daily lives now.
>>NOORY: I have a caller.
Her name is Louise,
out of Kentucky,
on my "Coast to Coast"
show who claims that she
is the reincarnated Cleopatra.
Now this person is
a delightful person
and seems to know
everything about Cleopatra.
Everything.
She even described Mark Anthony.
How do we know she's
not delusional--
sorry, Louise, or she really
is the reincarnated Cleopatra?
How do we know?
>>KAEHR: You know,
what's so interesting,
I mean, I don't know whether
Louise is Cleopatra or not,
but my very first
book on regression,
"Lifestream," which came out in
2002, I talked about the fact
that I had regressed five
Cleopatras just in Dallas,
Texas alone.
>>NOORY: Did you
believe all of them?
>>KAEHR: I'm not--
well, I have to say no.
I did not.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>KAEHR: OK.
That said, I'm not
exactly judging like,
are they tapping into an
archetype, these traits
of Cleopatra, or
were they Cleopatra,
or is this the
collective consciousness?
The bottom line for me
is, if they can go back
into that event, they're
seeing Mark Antony,
and they're having this whole
thing happen, that's wonderful.
Why is that applying to
what we're doing now?
And if they can explain all
that and it's making their
now better, than for me, that is
the most important part of it,
because it is a therapy
at the end of the day.
>>NOORY: Well, if she claims to
be this reincarnated Cleopatra
without regression, so
how in the world would
she even think
that or know that?
How would that happen?
>>KAEHR: I've got
some other research
into spontaneous
past life memories.
And, you know, Plato talked
about something called
anamnesis, which is the
fact that the soul actually
knows who it was.
We know it--
>>NOORY: Who knows
who all of them.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
And we don't need a
regression for that.
So it's certainly possible.
Like I can tell you, I know that
I lived a past life in England.
I don't need to go
on a regression.
When I go there, I just have a
sense I've been there before.
Maybe things are familiar.
>>NOORY: You feel
comfortable there?
>>KAEHR: Yes.
And so likewise, maybe she
just feels she was Cleopatra.
And really, you can't
exactly argue with people--
>>NOORY: No, because--
>>KAEHR: --about that.
>>NOORY: --you can't
change their mind.
>>KAEHR: No.
And it's not--
>>NOORY: And you
can't put them down.
>>KAEHR: No, it doesn't really.
As long as they're
happy with it,
and they're using it to empower
themselves and make themselves
a better human being,
then I'm all for it.
>>NOORY: But it's
funny because you'll
ask her questions about ancient
Egypt, and she has the answers.
It's weird.
>>KAEHR: Well, I would
say she surely did have
a past life in ancient Egypt.
Was it as Cleopatra?
Maybe it was.
I mean, I'm not to
say-- there's got
to be somebody out there who's
Cleopatra, so maybe it's her.
>>NOORY: Give us some
of your case studies
that you have in your books that
really just boggle your mind.
>>KAEHR: One of the interesting
ones from the new book,
there's a--
>>NOORY: And the name
of the new book is?
>>KAEHR: This one's called "Heal
Your Ancestors to Heal Your
Life."
>>NOORY: All right.
>>KAEHR: So in this
one, there-- you
know how you could be doing
something your whole life.
You know you're good at it.
But at some point, you're
probably going to question,
should I really be
doing this or not?
So a woman came to see me.
She was having migraines because
we can, of course, address
physical challenges--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>KAEHR: --using these--
>>NOORY: --that happens.
>>KAEHR: --methods.
And she also had been
working as an ER nurse.
Lots of stress,
lots of pressure.
And she happened to mention
that her mother was a nurse,
her grandmother was a nurse,
this is just what they did.
But she was also to
the point in her life
where she was kind of going,
you know, I'm just wondering,
is this really what I'm
supposed to be doing?
And so we went on the
typical past life regression,
but there was still
something I felt needed
to be uncovered about the family
line and this nurse connection.
So, she zapped back into
a previous situation
that happened to her.
One of her great, great,
great grandmothers,
she went to the Civil
War and saw this scene
where her several
times great grandmother
was in the middle
of a battlefield.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>KAEHR: You know,
cannons, blasting--
>>NOORY: Almost like
remote viewing, right?
>>KAEHR: Yes, remote
viewing the ancestor,
that's exactly what this is.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>KAEHR: So she went there,
she saw her grandmother just
selflessly tending to people.
And it was so emotional,
it brought her to tears.
And she saw that it was a lot
of the trauma from that war
was kind of-- it gets
energetically stuck in people's
energy fields and it was
brought forth through the DNA,
through all the lineage.
>>NOORY: What an
amazing regression.
>>KAEHR: Yes, it
was interesting.
Of course, the physical
healing is one thing.
But the more powerful thing,
which was kind of a surprise,
was that she came back,
she was so emotional.
She goes, oh, my God.
I will never
question this again.
This is where I'm
supposed to be.
This is what I'm supposed to do.
This is just what we do.
And she was so selfless, how
could I even be complaining
about my life anymore?
And so she was able to walk
away with just great certainty
about her purpose.
And I think that's one of the
reasons why people suffer,
it's more of an emotional thing.
Like, what am I doing here?
Why am I here?
And so she didn't
have that anymore
and she was strengthened by it.
>>NOORY: When you
regress someone,
are they hypnotized
or just relaxed?
>>KAEHR: They are hypnotized,
but I think that--
that doesn't mean
they're in a coma.
They're going to remember
what they're saying.
We're taking the very quick
beta brainwaves, putting them
into alpha.
So in that state, you
are still conscious.
So your conscious mind is
still going, OK, I'm here.
I'm aware of everything
that's going on.
But yet, you're relaxed.
And so pictures,
thoughts, and feelings
begin then to bubble
up into the mind.
But the thing is,
these are images
that are coming from somewhere.
You're saying, wait a minute.
I couldn't make this stuff up.
Where is this coming from?
>>NOORY: Right.
This is a Hollywood
script, right?
>>KAEHR: That's right.
And in the state, though,
because they're still aware--
I need them to be
aware, I don't want them
in delta meditation
state because I'm
going to ask, well, OK, great.
>>NOORY: Do they
remember anything
when you kind of bring them out?
>>KAEHR: They do.
I want them to, so that
they can get the lesson.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>KAEHR: Because that's
what you have to have,
is what is the lesson
that you learn and--
>>NOORY: Are they in shock?
>>KAEHR: --how are
you doing this?
Oh, yes.
They come back and they just
go, whoa, that was interesting.
>>NOORY: What does this tell
you about the entire universe
that we're going through,
when you have reincarnation,
where you have life after
death, what's it all mean,
in your opinion?
>>KAEHR: In my opinion, there
is no such thing as time
and that these things are
just sitting out there
simultaneously to be accessed.
We talk about a quote,
"past life regression."
I don't believe there is such
a thing as past, present,
or future.
These things are
happening simultaneously,
and we can just reach out
into the unified field
if we know which doorways to
open, access that information,
and then bring it into the
now through an empowering
way to make ourselves feel
more peaceful in our present
situation.
>>NOORY: Do you like
what you do, Shelley?
>>KAEHR: I love it.
>>NOORY: Tell the world how.
>>KAEHR: I do.
I absolutely have loved
this since I was a kid.
I am so thankful that I've had a
chance to do this for a living.
I can't even believe it.
>>NOORY: What do you
think the soul is?
>>KAEHR: I'm starting
to really question
this idea of where we go when
we die, and what is all of this?
I feel like we are some
vast interconnected
network of consciousness,
and that this physical shell
that we're in is some
kind of an illusion.
We're really connected
to all things
throughout all time
in the universe,
and we've kind of,
somehow, stuffed ourselves
into this physical
shell to come here
to have a very
unique experience.
But I believe we're always
connected to all things
throughout time.
>>NOORY: When you look
at a little child,
and you say to yourself,
that person had a past life,
and a past life, it's
kind of strange, isn't it?
>>KAEHR: It is.
Sometimes, I see
little kids, and I'm
sure this has
happened to you, you
see a little child
walking by, and you just
make eye contact with them.
And there's just this, ah!
This feeling of, oh, whoa,
I'm getting the chills
even thinking about it.
>>NOORY: I knew that
person in another life or--
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: --whatever.
>>KAEHR: And it's
just like that.
It's really profound.
>>NOORY: And then
could have been
your mother in another
life, or your father.
Who knows?
Or your brother.
But there was a connection.
>>KAEHR: There's a connection.
>>NOORY: Do you think
families reincarnate together
constantly?
>>KAEHR: Maybe not constantly,
but yes, I think they do.
Over time, I think they come
together for different reasons.
>>NOORY: Since you've
been doing this--
and how many years now, Shelley?
>>KAEHR: Over 20 years.
>>NOORY: 20 years.
And you're glad you're doing it.
>>KAEHR: I am.
>>NOORY: Where do you
go next with this?
What's your next evolution?
>>KAEHR: I've got some
new books forthcoming.
One is going to be called
"Blast from the Past"
where I take some
research that I published
a few years ago about these
spontaneous past life memories,
and I'm breaking it down into
really a lot of the areas
that my career has spanned,
including-- you know,
you could pick up a gem and
you could have a past life
regression, because
those stones are
coming from different
parts of the world.
You can look into
somebody's eyes,
like you just described
with the child,
and go, bam, that was my mother.
You can travel and
you can be bombarded
with these spontaneous
past life memories.
So that's something.
And then I've just completed
another book on the Akashic
records where I'm describing
the inter-dimensional--
>>NOORY: We all have--
>>KAEHR: --doorway--
>>NOORY: --those
records, don't we?
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that what it's
called "the good book?"
>>KAEHR: Yes, the "Book
of Life," "the good book."
Yes.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Shelley, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>KAEHR: George,
it's been a joy.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>KAEHR: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Maybe one day,
we'll have you regress me.
>>KAEHR: I would
love to do that.
That would be a dream.
>>NOORY: So maybe
I was beyond Egypt.
Who knows where I was, right?
>>GEORGINA CANNON: There you go.
I'm sure you were beyond beyond.
>>NOORY: But we do go to
other planets too, right?
>>KAEHR: Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: That is fascinating.
>>KAEHR: Yes.
>>NOORY: Past lives,
they affect who we are
and what we are in this life,
so maybe it's a good idea
to find out who you were then.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]